Documentation for new core 7.2 startup API (#4475)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/dependency-injection/internallymanagedcontainer.include.md

### Built-in default container

> NServiceBus comes with a default internal container with a registration API for registration of user types. The following dependency lifecyles are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus comes with a built-in default container with an API for registration of user types. The following dependency lifecycles are supported:
```

snippet: SingleInstance

or using a delegate:

snippet: DelegateSingleInstance

or using the explict singleton API:

snippet: RegisterSingleton

### Using a third party container

NServiceBus but also supports the following third party containers:

* [Autofac](autofac.md)
* [CastleWindsor](castlewindsor.md)
* [Ninject](ninject.md)
* [SimpleInjector](simpleinjector.md)
* [Spring](spring.md)
* [StructureMap](structuremap.md)
* [Unity](unity.md)
* [Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection](msdependencyinjection.md)

#### Plugging in other containers

If a specific library is not supported, create a plugin using the `IContainer` abstraction. Once this is created and registered, NServiceBus will use the custom dependency injection to look up its own dependencies.

Create a class that implements 'IContainer':

snippet: CustomContainer

Create a class that implements 'ContainerDefinition' and returns the 'IContainer' implementation:

snippet: CustomContainerDefinition

Then register the `ContainerDefinition` to be used:

snippet: CustomContainerUsage

> ### Injecting the endpoint instance

Reviewer: Just checking: is this at the right heading level? I.e. it applies to both the built-in default container and using a third party container? What about externally managed mode for 7.2?

Author: Good catch, the way you access and inject it is different. I'll make this a separate section for each one of the modes. Stay tuned

Author: I've tried to address this via 6799e1f6b0de5c200e46e05e590c159ad1199636 , what do you think?
